docs: update plugin documentation (#888)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/plugins/RemoveDrafts.md

---
title: RemoveDrafts
tags:
  - plugin/filter
---

> This plugin filters out content from your vault, so that only finalized content is made available. This prevents [[private pages]] from being published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin filters out content from your vault, so that only finalized content is made available. This prevents [[private pages]] from being published. By default, it filters out all pages with `draft: true` in the frontmatter and leaves all other pages intact.
```

> This plugin is designed to filter out draft content from the publishing pipeline, so only finalized content is made available. It operates by checking the `draft` flag in the frontmatter of each file. See [[private pages]] for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin filters out content from your content vault. This determines where a [[private pages]] can be published or not.

It checks for `draft` line within your [[Frontmatter]] to determine whether the content can be published or not.
```

Author: Done.
